them what's up we're here that mason
crane and we will bring new ones
guardian aspects of guard go
and only from sk telecom the winners of the
season 3 they also have a few
guardians in homage to them here what
you have
there
the bng one
normal
there you see it
there is the logo quite well done in
it's really good but I do not know
I do not know what makes some fans of
team in agriculture that is interested too much
the good price for the eyepiece that
the one of which normal that I do not
agreement how much was honestly
I guess not much I do not know if it was less
of 500 points rivers I do not remember what
very indeed look I'm going to look for it
well no 700 find the river points I think
that so nothing gentlemen I hope that you
have liked the wars not so bad but
yes i'm a fan
favorite helps a lot sirs
and anything you already know
throw the jewels the clothes
imation train come to say bastard
stay a little in the head
ralph we see and treat me now
augura